When I tripped on DMT (thanks to Abbey Wess) I had a few realizations that 
struck me forcefully. I remember trying to sum a couple of these up immediately
following the trip: for one, we are surrounded by an unimaginably immense and 
bright sea of ecstatic joy and mirth, yet in general we have very limited
access to it; for another, my own desire for control is my ultimate enemy
(these latter were the words written down in a note I made in Google Keep).

I had a good conversation with Abbey and Kaz St John Fausz at the coffeeshop 
this morning that reminded me of these revelations. I would like to know how to
draw all the conclusions from these seeds of thought.

In my immediate experience, it often feels to me like my anxiety is my worst
enemy. It would be difficult to identify an external force or being that more
directly represents a nemesis. I don't tend to see the world that way, although
I could identify numerous tendencies in human society that do not work in my 
favor. And in the Natural world, I know that time will ultimately undo me as it 
will undo everything, but somehow this does not seem like an enemy to me, nor 
does any other aspect of Nature.

The thing is that I have a lot of reason to be happy, as perhaps only ever a 
small minority of beings ever have. Yet while I do have some relations with 
the sea of infinite joy, they are very inconstant. Moreover, certain specific
manifestations of anxiety feel as if they trap me in behaviors that rationally
I consider maladaptive.

I must not fall into the temptation to make constant access to joy my ultimate
goal or the condition of my *success*. This is something I could never achieve,
and it would not bring me closer to experiencing *meaning* to the fullest 
degree possible, which I have considered to be the ultimate goal of my 
rational experience. My *desire for control* would succumb to this temptation.

This ghostly concept of *success* has haunted me for quite some time. I cannot
now say how I acquired the towering but unkempt concepts of success against 
which I compare myself unfavorably with little pause. It seems much easier to
focus on any areas where I fall short, and all too often, my response to this
perception of shortcoming is anxiety which is answered by inaction. My response
is to *freeze*, perhaps because it seems that at the end of the day no effort
on my part will really be worth it, considering my litany of failures. That is 
the course of my thinking.

What if, for the sake of argument anyway, my success or failure was actually 
out of my control? What if my fate is not in my hands? There's legitimate 
reason to suspect this may be the case, after all. But what would it mean?

I imagine I would still hope for success. This is true almost by definition, 
isn't it? Or if it is indeed possible to hope for failure, I think this 
represents are more nefarious maladaptation than troubles me. But this is 
where *fear* becomes a major factor to consider. In fact, both failure *and*
success are things that one might fear, maybe even rationally. If you perceive
success as simply leading to failure at a higher level, and failure as
something to fear, there's not much hope to look out for.

But why would I be led to interpret my life in terms of success or failure â€” 
especially when, if I'm put on the spot, I would have a very hard time pinning
down what I mean by those terms? It only makes sense I have conceived plans 
and made efforts to achieve a certain end which I perceive as desirable. This
is something that only makes sense to talk about if these efforts are somehow
in my control. If I am not in control, then these desires are preying on me.
They have come from outside of me and relate to matters which are also outside
of me.